Tell me
Where should we start
Would be better?
Do you know who I am?
If you dare kill me
You’ll all die
Do I care who you are?
In Dōng Hǎi
Besides the Qín family
No one dares touch the Fù family
Young Master Fù wants you dead
You won’t live past today
No!
Qín Ruò Yǔ
When you’re down there
Don’t blame me
For making you offend
People you shouldn’t have
Stop!
Warden
Who allowed you to be here
Using private punishment?
It was Young Master Fù’s orders
I don’t care which young master
On my turf
Only I have the right to decide
Stand against the wall, straight
Are you okay?
Poor thing
It really makes one’s heart ache
What do you want to do?
Do what?
Don’t worry
As long as you follow me now
From now on, these worthless people
Won’t dare touch you
Let me go
Young Master
The young lady has been found
But
But what?
But she’s about to die